CSS Basic Syntax:
    Selector and a semi-colon separated list of declarations with each of those 
    declarations being made up of a property-value pair.

<div>:
    One of the basic HTML elements. An empty container.

Selectors:
    Refer to the HTML elements to which CSS rules apply; they're actually what 
    is being selected for each rule.

    - Universal Selector:
        Select elements of any type. Syntax is just '*'.

    - Type Selector:
        Will select elements of a given element type. Syntax is just the name 
        of the element.

    - Class Selector:
        Will select all elements of a given class. (Class is just an attribute 
        placed on an HTML element). 

    - ID Selector:
        Similar to class selector, but uses # followed by the value of the ID 
        attribute. Shouldn't be used that much (or at all). Major difference 
        between classes and IDs is that an element can only have ONE ID. An 
        ID cannot be repeated on a single page and the ID attribute should 
        not contain any whitespace.

    - Grouping Selector:
        Just use a comment between selector names before definition.

    - Chaining Selector:
        Use a '.' to chain between class names. Can also be used with IDs by 
        seperating them with a '#'. You can't chain more than one type of 
        selector since an element can't be two different types at once. 

    - Descendant Combinator:
        Will only cause elements that match the last selector to be selected 
        if they also have an ancestor that matches the previous selector. 
        Syntax is a single space between selectors.

    - Specificity:
        * A CSS declaration that is more specific will take precedence over 
          less specific ones.
        * ID Selectors will always beat any number of class selectors.
        * Class Selectors will always beat any number of type selectors.
        * Type Selectors will always beat any number of anything less 
          specific to it.

How to link CSS to HTML:
    <link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">

Internal CSS:
    Use CSS within the HTML file itself instead of creating a completely 
    seperate file. Place all of the rules inside of a pair of opening and 
    closing <style> tags inside the <head> tags. Can be useful for adding 
    unique styles to a single page of a website.

Inline CSS: 
    Makes it possible to add style directly to HTML elements, but isn't 
    recommended. 

        
        

Properties:
    - color:
        Sets an element's text color.
    
    - background-color:
        Sets the background color of an element.

Typography Basics:
    - font-family:
        Font family used for text. 

    - font-size:
        Size of the font using px.

    - font-weight:
        Affects the boldness of text. Can use keywords or a number.

    - text-align:
        Align text horizontally within an element. Common keywords can be 
        used as the value (center, left, etc).

Image
    - height

    - width

